- Main character(X) is having a dream in which he/she falls down a hole, wakes up and finds himself/herself in a cave. It’s dark. X’s heart rate increases and until he/she finds a torch and lights it up [sanity]. Then, X sees a stone/toy/robot and picks it up. X is scared so he/she imagines it to be a companion that talks to and helps him/her. X: ”I’ll call you Pebble.” Pebble comes to life and follows X around [tutorial starts].  
- X soon finds out that there are enemies who guard paths/doors and he/she cannot pass (The enemies can be X’s fear in reality (e.g. certain animals, monsters, ghosts) or rocks). Therefore, X needs to find materials to survive (food, water...) and defeat the enemies in order to escape the cave with Pebble.
As X walks around, he/she finds that the environment is strange and can change when he/she gets to certain places (e.g. desert, grassland, river..., layers of dream?). The weather is unpredictable, sunny for now and yet it rains hard later. The days and nights can rotate at a random speed. During the night, it gets dark and X starts to panic. Pebble talks more to X (all imagination to comfort X) and being less/more helpful. The visibility is limited to a small circle around X so he/she needs to find torch or light again to calm himself/herself or else the sanity will continue to drop [heart rate becomes faster, the environment gets blurry, X moves slower?]. The sanity may also drop due to more enemies and X’s mood or progress [time constraint]. 

- In the end, X escapes the cave, wakes up and sees “Pebble” on his/her bed (lifeless). The darkness ends and the sun shines through the window. “What an experience”.
